Contact limit: 
Stays in public are limited to one household and one additional person, children are being counted as well.

Mask duty: 	
It is obligatory to wear a mouth and nose cover outside in the in the entire inner city area within the “Anlagenring” as well as north of the railroad line in Sachsenhausen as well as in the area of Berger Straße north of the Alleenring, Leipziger Straße and Königsteiner Straße limited to the sector between Bolongarostraße and Kasinostraße.
Masks are compulsory at all public events and in public facilities.
Wearing a mouth-nose-cover is mandatory in public transportation as well as during the stay on platforms and at stops, when driving in a vehicle with persons from more than one household and in taxis.

Prohibition of alcohol consumption: 	
The consumption of alcohol is prohibited all day in defined public places, locations and facilities. From 11:00 pm – 6:00 am the consumption of alcohol is forbidden in all public places.

Leisure events + activities: 	
All events that serve as entertainment are prohibited.
Guided city tours are cancelled, the zoo and botanical gardens as well as museums, theatres and cinemas are closed. The flea markets have been cancelled.

Restaurants: 	
Restaurants are closed. Delivery and collection of food for consumption at home is allowed. Canteens are also allowed to open.

Hotels: 	
Accommodation offers for tourist purposes are not allowed. 
Accommodation offers will only be provided for necessary purposes such as mandatory business trips that cannot be postponed. 
A necessary professional obligation is given, if the personal participation on site is absolutely necessary for professional reasons and the change to alternative (tele-) communication means as well as the participation on site by a representative is not possible.

Messen + Business Meetings: 	
Trade fairs are prohibited. As a result of the course taken by the pandemic, Messe Frankfurt will not be holding any of its own physical trade fairs at the Frankfurt exhibition grounds between January and March 2021. This does not apply to guest events that are not organized by Messe Frankfurt. The rental business continues to operate without restrictions, in compliance with the necessary hygiene and safety regulations.
Heimtextil postponed to 04.05. - 07.05.2021
Automechanika postponed to 14.09. - 18.09.2021
Light + Building cancelled, next Light + Building 13.03. - 18.03.2022
Optatech postponed to 17.05. - 19.05.2022
Texcare postponed to 27.11. - 01.12.2021
Achema postponed to 04.04. - 08.04.2022
Meetings and events with personal participation are only permitted in the case of special public interest and with the approval of the competent authority. The number of participants in attendance must be kept as low as possible and, in order to comply with the hygiene rules and the minimum distance, must be based, among other things, on the type and size of the venue. Wherever possible, telephone or video conferencing shall be used.


